Fixes #5953 #5955 #5956 #5957 - Updated TNT, LND, IOM and ADN VOR Coordinates (#4959)
VATSIM-UK/UK-Sector-File: .github/CHANGELOG.md

11. AIRAC (2309) - Added EG D713 (Fast Jet Area South) & EG D901 (Fast Jet Area North) - thanks to @luke11brown (Luke Brown)
12. Enhancement - Improved East Midlands (EGNX) VFR Lane and SID Line Colours - thanks to @PLM1995 (Peter Mooney)
13. Enhancement - Added Jersey Control radar regions & colours - thanks to @luke11brown (Luke Brown)

> 14. AIRAC (2309) - Updated ADN VOR coordinates to N057.18.37.620 W002.16.02.090 - thanks to @Dev-Destructor (Debobrata Pal)

Reviewer: I think we can make do with only 1 line for these, perhaps:
```suggestion
14. AIRAC (2309) - Updated ADN, IOM, LND and TNT VOR Coordinates - thanks to @Dev-Destructor (Debobrata Pal)
```
